this here is a 1984 300 TD wagon it's in
great condition everything about it is
top-notch I have no complaints I've been
driving this car around town here for
the past week it's original white plate
car the pack hatch amazing it just opens
like that it's got this storage back
here all the factory medical kit and all
that is in here everything is in great
condition the jack it's all in there
spare tire all that is good well
actually that spare tire is bad needs a
new spare
this is the only areas on the car where
the paint has flaked off and there's a
surface type rest right there right
there and right here other than that
under over everything is clean doors
open and closed like new I'm gonna go
ahead and show you to underneath here a
little bit
there's just no rust or anything
tires are basically new little titties
all over the side factory undercoating
everywhere not a bunch of leaks or
anything
this cars tight
the factory armrest and everything works
great
[Music]
underneath the floor mats is almost like
new everything here blows
and all that
the hope the brain shape all the windows
great
quick up and down the factory sunroof
here is pretty cool
ain't no wearing this thing out
[Music]
and it opens easily
closes easily locks tight the whole deal
all the lights work
I'd like to show you under the hood
push all the way the stuff here is
getting old and Bakey
I did not under the head heard of him
this purpose all the factory of miss
Nicollet
I didn't even like it down
[Music]
with
basket in here like a lot of review
overall it's a great pun I would trust
it driving it anywhere the rear seating
areas
and like I say the doors open and close
like new nice and tight about the camera
angles here
it's a great car you're looking for one
of these wagons it is about as nice as
it gets the creamy butternut yellow here
with that interior probably one of the
best colors you know I want to show you
this the hydraulic locks don't seem to
work
vacuum locks whatever you want to call
them this here piece is kind of blown
out
we'll get a repair on the interior this
is about the worst of the where anywhere
on the armrest there but
everything works great huh
got any questions definitely give me a
call you can look at my website at
serial marshmellows calm just like the
marshmallows in your cereal cereal
marshmallows if I don't have no cereal
in mine it's 100% marshmallows then that
give me a call if any questions on this
great little 84 300 PD wagon thanks a
lot